Being in a minority, even in a minority of one, did not make you mad. There was truth and there was untruth, and if you clung to the truth even against the whole world, you were not mad.
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction; to get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action; a brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction; you look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run; my rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills.
Evil is Evil. Lesser, greater, middling... makes no difference. The degree is arbitrary. The definition's blurred. If I'm to choose between one evil and another... I'd rather not choose at all.
You never read a book on psychology, Tippy. You didn't need to. You knew by some divine instinct that you can make more friends in two months by becoming genuinely interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
Is it a shame that I can't accept love? Am I too burned out to move towards what will keep me alive or too smart to get pulled into someone else's world?
I've always wondered about this coat business. When I'm in a theater, I either fold mine in my lap or throw it over my armrest, but Patsy always spreads hers out, acting as if the seat back were cold, and she couldn't possibly enjoy herself while it was suffering.
There are moments that define a person's whole life. Moments in which everything they are and everything they may possibly become balance on a single decision. Life and death, hope and despair, victory and failure teeter precariously on the decision made at that moment. These are moments ungoverned by happenstance, untroubled by luck. These are the moments in which a person earns the right to live, or not.
Love in the nineties is paranoid. On sunny beaches, take your chances looking for girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love.
Do not worry because you have no official position. Worry about your qualifications. Do not worry because no one appreciates your abilities. Seek to be worthy of appreciation.
Maybe I will never be all the things that I wanna be. Now is not the time to cry, now's the time to find out why. I think you're the same as me, we see things they'll never see.
Every moment can't remain and every life won't stay the same. With time comes a layer of rust and our bones will turn to dust. Everyone will fall away and every season is built on change. With time the paint will peel and all sense will lose its feel. Every cloth will start to fray and every night will become day. With time a mold will form and what's cold can become warm. Love can't always stay and the dead will soon decay. With time we'll all be gone but how you lived can live on.
He sank into the rocking chair, the same one in which Rebecca had sat during the early days of the house to give embroidery lessons, and in which Amaranta had played Chinese checkers with Colonel Gerineldo Marquez, and in which Amaranta Ursula had sewn the tiny clothing for the child, and in that flash of lucidity he became aware that he was unable to bear in his soul the crushing weight of so much past.
The weak are destined to lie beneath the boots of the strong. If that angers you, overcome your deficits.
Life is a waterfall, we're one in the river and one again after the fall. Swimming through the void, we hear the word. We lose ourselves, but we find it all.
There's a club if you'd like to go. You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go and you stand on your own and you leave on your own and you go home and you cry and you want to die.
At the doorway on my heart all the leaves are falling down, and though I try to pick them up there's so many I think I'll drown. Ten days have come and gone, ten days and I'm all alone, and all that I can do is pray and pray.
I think if your clients want to sit on my shoulders and call themselves tall, they have the right to give it a try. But there's no requirement that I enjoy sitting here listening to people lie. You have part of my attention. You have the minimum amount. The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound.
Over and over again we have tried to find a peaceful way out of the differences between ourselves and those who are now our enemies, but it has been in vain. We have been forced into a conflict, for we are called to meet the challenge of a principle, which, if it were to prevail, would be fatal to any civilized order in the world. Such a principle, stripped of all disguise, is surely the mere primitive doctrine that "might is right."
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far.
I hear you're buying a synthesizer and an arpeggiator and are throwing your computer out the window because you want to make something real. You want to make a Yaz record. I hear that you and your band have sold your guitars and bought turntables. I hear that you and your band have sold your turntables and bought guitars. I hear everybody that you know is more relevant than everybody that I know.
It's an incredible sensation. You have to be very quiet. Take it down with the first shot or you scare it away. Then sometimes you have to go up and finish it off. Then you tie it to the bumper and go home.
this is only a test relax bro its only a game bro
